# Shopping Fish #

## Quickstart ##

### Basic Running ###
1. `rake gems:install`
2. `rake db:migrate`

### Basic Testing ###
1. `rake RAILS_ENV=test db:migrate`
2. `rake spec`

## Stories ##

### First Version ###

#### Adding a new item ####

Robin wants to add `chocolate milk` to a shopping list, but it isn't in the system anyplace.  She types in `chocolate milk` and clicks add. It is then added to the master list of items and marked as `needed`.

#### Marking an item as needed. ####

Robin searches on `milk` and is presented with a list of items.  She clicks on `chocolate milk` and it is marked as `needed`.

#### Marking an item as no longer needed. ####

Robin is at the store.  She puts some milk in the cart.  She scans her list and clicks on `milk` and it is no longer marked as `needed`.

### Future feature idea: Shopping State ###

The idea for these is that when shopping, you won't mark items as no longer `needed`, but in some sort of "I put it in my cart, but haven't actually paid" state.

#### Marking an item when put in a cart. ####

Robin is shopping.  She just put some chocolate milk in her cart and wants to mark it off the shopping list.  She clicks on `chocolate milk` and it is marked as `probably gotten`.

#### Marking shopping items as done. ####

Robin has finished shopping.  She reviews the items in her list and confirms the `probably gotten` items are indeed gotten.  She clicks a button and all the `probably gotten` items are marked as `gotten/not wanted`.

#### Marking shopping items as not done. ####

Robin has aborted her shopping trip.  She left the store with none of the items on her list.  She clicks a button and all the `probably gotten` items are reverted as `needed`.


## See Also ##

* [Markdown Reference](http://www.dictatorcms.com/markdown)
